Title: Recurring Events at TheLab.ms
Date: 2016-06-05 10:20
Authors: Roxy D
Summary: Recurring events blog post

One of the most common questions we have is "When can I visit TheLab.ms?"

We've made it a point to create enough events so that there will always be a good time to stop by at thelab.ms. If you're a member, you'll have 24/7 access to the space and be able to stop by anytime using your key fob!  If you are a member, and you do not have one, please send an email to leadership@thelab.ms, and we'll get you squared away!

I've split the list up into two parts: monthly and weekly. You can always view our events at [Meetup.com](http://meetup.com/thelab-ms) for specific details, as they may change. **ALL** of these events are open to the public for free.

###Monthly:

- **Upgrade the Space** - First Sundays. Are you a handy person? Do you like running cables, messing with electric wires, installing fixtures, or doing DIY? Or maybe you just want to learn how to do these things? (Practice makes perfect!) This would be the meetup for you. Some very handy and not-so-handy people show up to improve our facilities. There's plenty to learn, and plenty to do!

- **3D-Printing Coffee Klatch** - First Tuesdays. This meeting is due to the repeated requests to learn how to 3D print, so it's great that [Pat](http://blog.patshead.com) has set this up for us! These gatherings start with a short presentation or talk on 3D printing, and then everyone will sit around and chat while drinking coffee--or any beverage of their choice.   It's a great opportunity to learn and share ideas around 3D printing. [Pat](http://blog.patshead.com) brings his French Press and a selection of beans from his most recent [shipment of coffee from Craft Coffee](http://blog.patshead.com/2014/05/my-first-shipment-from--craft-coffee-has-arrived.html)!

- **The Automation Society** - First Thursdays. Learn how to automate your life! This meeting will show you ways to stay organized and automated to keep things running smoothly. It's time for you to take advantage of the technology out there that will make your life easier.

- **Open House** - Second Saturdays. This is a great time to just come in and look around. We'll have the 3D printers fired up and soldering irons ready for any projects you want to work on. Bring friends, bring family, and show off the space.

- **Monthly Meeting** - Second Monday. Everyone is welcome to attend our monthly membership meeting. It's when we get together to discuss happenings around the space, as well as vote on any issues. At the end of our meetings, we have Fire Talk time, so bring a topic or presentation to discuss if you would like. This is a great chance to bounce ideas off people or show off a presentation to a smaller crowd before submitting a talk to a conference.

- **Beer Brew** - Richard hosts a monthly beer brew at his home with a different beer featured each time. Everyone 21+ is invited to attended, even if you are not a member. You can learn to make a variety of beers, and if you're a member you'll be able to brew your own while there!

- **Fundraising Meeting** - Fourth Sunday. As we are a non profit with all unpaid volunteers, this is a very important meeting. Do you know how to raise money and/or apply for grants? Then we REALLY need you here. We also need those that are willing to help us with tasks and keep the makerspace open and funded.

###Weekly:

- **Work From The Lab Friday** - Known as WoFLFri, we get together Friday mornings to work our day jobs remotely at TheLab.ms, followed by lunch. Someone is almost always 3D printing, and there are plenty of other distractions as well.  

- **Game Night** - Every Saturday. We love to play video games on Saturdays and occasionally someone will bring Settlers of Catan to play as well. If you have any video games or board games, feel free to bring them! We've got party games, and an Atari 2600 to play with each week.

- **Project Day** - Every Sunday. Bring your projects, show off your projects, or share your project ideas. A great way to participate in a show-and-tell without having to visit kindergarten.
